here's some sort of the painful ethnic
cleansing colonization the palm times
here at all in mine and you don't need
to give him any airtime
we're supposed to be neutral he give a
dying man afford at the start of an
academic freedom I never realized wrong
also as an academic that Italy tentative
of an applied state but yeah this guy on
YouTube chill according to the vortexes
ie a guy who is gonna give people a
chance to question etc the chosen
specifically you know five-minute pause
but academic freedom says all I think of
it a perfect society that's hosted them
says all about the university is going
to happen said all of Anna security here
today the main of money they've spent on
recent security so that was the should
instead be on your test don't draw so
for water into another
basically what you're today to protest
the the invitation along closer and this
is your ambassadors be invaded by any
per unit for tech society and side those
10 12 hours we don't we don't believe
last are you should be coming speaking
me on mmm epithets not for HD so and say
mr. doc I'm read out the names of
Palestinian children open code and
because I discussed the invitation they
don't cross off we don't believe that
when as golden eyes freedom Palestinian
village they were when they left
you